You guys gotta find something
inside you
that'’s gonna propel you
to play better.
I don'’t know what that is.
Maybe it'’s
your narcissistic personalities
'’cause your parents
brought you up
as a privileged
little bastard pipsqueak
that thinks they can fucking
play videogames
and let their daddy
and their mommy pay
for everything they do,
but guess what?
All the little pretty girls that
you want to go to the prom with,
that shit wears out,
because when you get older
and you don'’t have any money,
you ain'’t gonna fucking get
those girls!
[crickets chirring]
[breathing heavily]
What'’s up, Bobby?
-What'’s going on?
-How'’s that career goal?
You got that scholarship,
didn'’t you?
-All right, all right.
-Good, good, good.
Don'’t smoke.
-That shit'’ll kill you.
-You right, bro.
You right. Shit!
-Was that Bobby White?
-Yeah!
Yeah, he'’s got it going on.
He'’s gonna go a long way.
Bobby White!
-Hi.
-Hey.
How are you, Ms. Malico?
I'’m fine, I'm doing good.
How about you?
Good, just walking around.
-Yeah?
-Yeah.
You pitching good?
-Try to.
-All right.
I'’ve been out to watch
a couple of them.
-Really?
-Yeah, early ones.
Early ones, yeah.
What'’d you think?
Flamethrower?
You look good, Bobby.
How'’s your daddy?
He'’s all right.
You tell him I said hey.
-I will.
-Okay?
-Yeah.
-All right.
Don'’t be a stranger.
All right.
[scanner beeps]
What you gettin'’ up to tonight,
Bobby?
-Strollin'’.
-Yeah?
Oh, shit, this thing.
[bag rustling]
-Good night.
-Bye.
[crickets chirring]
♪
[birds chirping]
[water lapping]
♪
This little boy just never
gets enough, does he?
[laughing]
You'’re too much.
♪
Are you wearing a bra?
Yes.
♪
-Hello.
-Hey!
-How'’s it going?
-Good.
♪
Come on, Bobby!
[cheering]
♪
[thunder rumbling]
[rain pouring]
♪
[fence rattling]
Hey, come on.
-One.
-Two.
-Three.
-Four.
-Five.
-Six.
-Seven.
-Eight.
-Nine.
-Ten.
Switch.
-One.
-Two.
-Three.
-Four.
-Five.
-Six.
-Seven.
-Eight.
-Nine.
-Ten.
Switch.
-One.
-Two.
-Three.
-Four.
-Five.
-Six.
-Seven.
-Eight.
-Nine.
-Ten.
Switch.
[whistle blows]
[shouting]
No celebratin'’.
Good catch, good catch!
[whistle blows]
Going!
Get outta here!
Hit the base!
Come on, Ken, faster.
Base, base!
[birds chirping]
[fence rattling]
[crickets chirring]
[tapping]
[light clicks off]
[water bubbling]
[banging, rattling]
Can I stay here?
I kind of like to sleep alone.
I got you.
I'’ll see you at school,
though, right?
Yeah.
Okay. That was fun.
Mm-hmm.
[shoes thud]
[toes cracking]
[groans]
[birds chirping]
[hose spraying]
[squeaking]
[groaning]
I can normally do it myself,
but...I hurt my left hand.
Oh, yeah?
It'’s all right.
Thanks.
Where we going with this?
Over to the...wood wall.
What happened to your hand?
Uh...
Don'’t worry about it.
[groaning]
[rattling]
-Thank you.
-Yup.
Thanks, man.
♪
[glove pops]
[lockers clanging]
[chatter]
[bell ringing]
Thank you.
Hey.
Caroline.
Have you seen Adam this morning?
Um, no.
Okay.
Bobby?
Did you listen to the rain
this morning?
Yeah, did you?
Yeah.
[insects chirring]
[car approaching]
[groaning]
What?
What is it?
Let'’s get you inside.
[groaning]
Oh, thank you, son, thank you.
Oh my, whoa.
[breathing heavily]
♪
[whistle blowing]
[groaning]
♪
[smacking, groaning]
[whistle blowing]
♪
[groaning continues]
[groaning]
♪
[whistle blowing]
Perry!
[shouting, laughter]
Yo, who keeps putting
the fucking gum
up in the dugout?
-It'’s Mulberry.
-Mulberry, is that you?
Cut it out, Binky.
[chatter]
[laughter]
Hey, yo, shut up!
Coach is talking.
♪
Deon, why do you keep
hitting it to second base?
Sorry.
If you do that again,
I'’m gonna bench your ass.
Okay?
Alejandro,
when you field the ball,
then I want you to tag
this guy, Adam,
I want you to tag him hard,
I want you to try
to knock him down.
Lay him out,
or I'’m gonna bench your ass.
-Got it.
-Goldberg, good job.
Thanks, Coach.
Adam, your only job
is to run to second base.
-You think you can do that?
-Yes, sir.
'’Cause I'm trying to teach you
something about discipline,
'’cause without discipline,
you have nothing.
You'’re gonna be chop suey
out there.
I don'’t care if we have
one player on the field today.
Doesn'’t matter to me,
because if you don'’t deserve
to play, guess what,
you'’re not playing.
You'’re not playing
in my world.
Let me talk to you for a second.
Yeah, dude, of course.
You know, I'’m here for you
all the time.
I just feel on edge, you know,
and I'’m wondering,
maybe you could give me
some advice
how to find clarity
on the field, you know?
I really respect the coach,
and I wanna do him proud, bro.
It'’s like, I spend so much time
talking myself out of things
in my head.
I just need to be
with you guys, just like...
Yeah, dude, let'’s go
to the quarry later.
Yeah, let'’s get
the fuck over there...
Fucking chill, smoke weed.
-Beers.
-Get laid, exactly.
Oh, man, I wanna get laid, dude.
What do you mean,
you don'’t wanna get laid?
-I do wanna get laid.
-So what'’s goin' on?
I don'’t think chicks like me,
I'’m not that good-looking.
Dude, you'’re a beautiful guy,
are you kidding me?
No, man.
You think I hang out
with fucking ugly dudes?
-You'’re gorgeous.
-Why does it matter
what sort of dudes
you hang out with?
It sounds sorta gay, man.
Bro, come on, shut up!
I'’m not fucking gay.
You sure?
[laughing]
-I'’m sure.
-You don'’t wanna find out?
I don'’t wanna find out,
you fucking pussy.
What'’s up?
Let'’s get some fucking girls
out here.
This is getting fucking gay.
I don'’t want to talk
about this anymore.
Hey, Bobby.
How'’s your hand, man?
All right.
Hurt a little when I
would catch the ball,
but it'’s fine.
You know.
So, what'’s up with your dad?
Uh, yeah.
He'’s a great man, you know?
Strong.
Um, you know Caroline, right?
Yeah, I know Caroline.
I think I might ask her to prom.
Really?
Good luck, man.
Thanks.
Well, see you later.
Later.
[birds chirping]
Who were you busy with?
Oh, nobody, just another man.
You know, we'’re busy...
[chatter]
I don'’t wanna be, like,
bougie, you know?
It'’s okay.
Yeah, it'’s okay,
'’cause you're never here.
[laughter]
[chatter]
You see that, Caroline?
What?
What'’s she looking at?
You onto something?
Just looking.
We all know where she'’s looking.
Where?
-There.
-Where?
"Where? I'’m mysterious
and oblivious, settle down."
Oh, nice one.
It'’s a joke.
Guys, let'’s go.
-Yeah.
-Okay.
[chatter]
Have a good practice, Adam.
Who'’s that?
Whoa, dude.
I'’m gonna take her to prom.
Looks like she'’s into you.
I hope so.
I mean, she is the hottest girl
in school, right?
-Basically.
-Are you nervous?
-Yeah.
-Damn.
Looks like you got a lot
on your plate, buddy.
-Cheetos.
-Yeah.
For now, it'’s just Cheetos.
[laughing]
♪
[clacking]
[birds chirping]
[crowd chanting "Giants"]
[crowd cheering]
[shouting, fence rattling]
[umpire grunts]
[team shouting]
Go back to home base.
Go back, go back.
[chatter]
Give me the ball.
[sighs]
[applause, crowd cheering]
Bobby!
[crowd cheering]
-Bobby!
-Come on, Bobby!
Give me the heat, Bobby.
Come on, right down the middle.
[crowd cheering]
Go, Bobby!
[umpire grunts]
[crowd cheering]
Go, Bobby!
[applause]
[crowd chanting "Giants"]
[insects chirring]
[engine rumbling]
Do you need a ride?
I guess, yeah.
You'’re Bobby?
Yeah.
That was a great game.
Thanks.
Do you feel all right?
Feel better now.
A little bit.
Haven'’t I seen you
at the practices before?
Yeah, I'’m Adam's mom,
and the coach'’s wife.
Do your parents ever come
to the games?
Sorry.
[insects chirring]
[breathing heavily]
[cutting]
Well, tomorrow,
there'’s this party,
and, uh...
yeah, I wanna go to the party.
It'’s, uh...
You'’re not going to no party.
It--just some of the guys
are going to Wheelers,
and, um, you know,
I really wanna go to this party.
Well, I just got through saying,
you'’re not going to any party.
-Uh...
-What'’s the party?
It'’s, like,
the guys from the team
and guys from school all going,
just having a little party.
It'’s not a party, it's--
we'’re just all going
to the roller rink.
I was wondering--
Thank you.
That'’s the last
I want to hear about it.
It'’s delicious.
[laughing]
Thank you.
[sniffling]
[laughing]
Thank you.
[silverware clinking]
So can I go?
Ask your mother.
Of course, sweetheart.
I love the roller rink.
Did you thank your mother for
allowing you to go to the party,
or the roller rink,
whatever the fuck--
It'’s not necessary.
Thank you.
I didn'’t hear you.
Thank you, who?
Mom.
Let me hear you say
the whole thing.
Thank you, Mom,
for letting me go
to the roller rink.
[silverware tapping]
[chair sliding]
Open your mouth.
You gotta eat something.
I don'’t have an appetite
right now.
[tearful chuckle]
I had such a big lunch.
Let go.
Come on, just open up a little
bit, just take a little bite.
Little bite.
There you go.
Bobby.
Bobby!
[sighs]
He'’s just a kid.
You can'’t rely on kids
to show up.
I'’m not relying on him.
They'’re definitely not
gonna show up,
especially when
you want them to.
No one shows up.
That is not very nice
of you, young lady.
Mom, I'’m not talking about you.
You have nothing
to be upset about.
-What are you doing?
-Just get out.
-Get out, in the rain?
-Enough.
Get out of the car.
You can walk to school
with this attitude.
-Thanks a lot.
-Go collect yourself.
-Come home with a smile.
-Thanks.
[crickets chirring]
[knocking]
Come on in.
Hello.
I got these for you.
Thank you so much. How nice.
Yeah, well, they'’re not real.
-And how are you today?
-I'’m great, how are you?
I'’m feeling a bit
under the weather.
-Oh, I'’m sorry to hear that.
-Yeah.
I was wondering, Ms. O'’Shea,
is there any way
I could get a note
telling Coach I'’m not gonna be
at practice today?
That'’ll be okay, Bobby.
You just rest up.
Okay.
[scribbling]
[sighs]
-Have a great day.
-You too.
Thanks so much.
[door opening]
-I trip a lot.
-You do?
[laughing]
Your tattoo, you were telling me
about your tattoo.
My mom'’s name.
-Really?
-Mm-hmm.
-What is it?
-Mer, like Mermaid.
Short for.
That'’s amazing.
[groaning]
What happened to your mom?
I don'’t know, I guess
they never got married though.
She left?
I think so.
I'’m so sorry.
It'’s okay.
Why did you get married?
Because I was in love.
[chuckling]
And I wanted a family,
a happy family,
and I wanted their lives
to be perfect and beautiful.
It'’s all come together?
Obviously.
[train clanking]
♪
[muffled chatter]
Oh, six.
Take that.
♪
-Fuck.
-Fuck!
[laughing]
That'’s the ugliest thing ever,
like, shit, bro.
♪
[sawing]
[indistinct chatter]
Yeah, yeah.
I just need to shine
the flashlight.
Which car is that?
Yeah.
It'’s one of their custom cars.
When you do that,
you have to be patient.
You'’re not responsible for
somebody stealing it,
but you gotta pay for it.
[saw clanging, sawing]
[gravel crunching]
[door rattling]
[sighs]
[sliding on shelf]
[clanging]
[can opening, closing]
Kid?
Hey, Pop.
[sighs]
How you doin'’?
School?
I was sick today, man.
[clearing throat]
Sick?
I got a note, it'’s okay.
How'’s Caroline?
[sighs]
I-I met a girl.
What?
Hm.
Met a girl.
Who?
Oh my.
Wanna put the record on?
Please, yes, thank you.
Oh, boy.
[buttons clicking]
♪
I don'’t know what I'd do
without you.
Will you come to a game?
Oh, son, you know I would.
I'’d love to.
Love to, I'’d be so proud
to be there.
Next Friday?
Whenever you say.
Whenever you say, son.
♪
Just take care of that arm.
♪ Well, for me, time has
no meaning, no future, no past ♪
♪
♪ And when you'’re in love,
you don'’t have to ask ♪
♪ There'’s never enough time
to hold love in your grasp ♪
♪
♪ Turning time around
♪ That is what love is
♪
♪ Turning time around
♪ Yes, that is what love is
♪
♪ My time is your time
when you'’re in love ♪
♪ And time is what you
never have enough of ♪
♪ You can'’t see or hold it ♪
♪ It'’s exactly like love ♪
♪
♪ Turning time around
♪ Well, I gotta have it
♪
♪ I gotta, gotta,
gotta have it ♪
♪
[screaming]
[go-kart engines rumbling]
[muffled music playing]
Hi, how are you?
How can I help you?
Hi, um--
♪
[singing in foreign language]
[exhaling deeply]
♪
Caroline? Hey.
Hey, Adam.
♪
I, uh--
Are you okay?
Yeah, I'’m fine.
I--I--Are you goin'’ to prom?
Yeah, why?
Maybe, maybe you'’d wanna--
if you'’d like to go with me.
Okay, yeah, sure.
-Yeah?
-Yeah.
Are you gonna do
the whole tuxedo thing?
Yeah, I'’m gonna do
the whole tuxedo thing.
I'’m gonna wear a tuxedo, and--
I'’m gonna wear yellow.
Perfect, even better.
-No, for the flower.
-Oh, for the flower.
Well, so then wear yellow,
and I'’ll be in a tuxedo.
-Um--
-Okay.
-And I'’ll see you then.
-All right.
You'’ll pick me up then?
Of course I'’ll pick you up.
♪
-Just save it, save it, shh!
-I'’m gonna pick you up.
I'’m gonna pick you up.
[indistinct talking]
Damn!
Shh, he can hear you, stop.
Mrs. S.?
♪
[indistinct talking]
Woo!
[gun firing]
-Tremaine Edmunds.
-Let'’s get all the Ts down.
[indistinct chatter]
[liquid shaking]
Oh, there he is.
Go sit down.
Let'’s go, sit down!
You guys gotta focus.
Stop talkin'’ to
each other out there.
Stop waving to people
in the bleachers.
I don'’t care what
pretty girl'’s out there.
This team is gonna read that,
and they'’re gonna run on you.
That'’s your weakness.
You'’re all fuckin' around
while the ball'’s not in play.
When that ball'’s in play,
your eye is on the goddamn ball!
Because the only
way to have fun
is to stick your neck out
and bite the other team'’s
fuckin'’ head off
and shit them out for breakfast!
That'’s what I wanna see!
What do you wanna win for?
-For my family.
-For your family?
What do you wanna
fuckin'’ play for?
What do you have that
you wanna fuckin'’ play--
You think you can take me?
Your daddy'’s a loser!
A loser!
Huh? You think
it'’s fuckin' funny?
-Yeah! Yeah!
-No, coach.
Yeah, let me see that
fuckin'’ fire go.
-Yeah! That'’s right!
-Woo!
-I wanna see you fuckin'’ play!
-Yeah!
That'’s what I wanna fuckin' see!
[yelling]
Come on, let'’s go,
get the fuck out there.
Let'’s go, Bobby!
Get out there!
[boy whooping]
♪
[indistinct yelling]
[dirt scraping]
♪
[umpire grunting once]
[crowd cheering]
♪
[fan shouting indistinctly]
[fans whooping]
[indistinct yelling]
♪
[crowd cheering]
Okay, Bobby!
Come on in.
Good throw, Bobby!
Great show, Bobby.
Yeah, baby, yeah!
[crowd cheering]
You motherfucker.
Cheese all day, huh?
[laughing]
-You all right, Bobby?
-Yeah.
[crowd cheering]
[umpire grunting once]
Keep an eye on the ball.
Watch it, let'’s go.
[crowd cheering]
[umpire grunting once]
[people groaning]
Come on, Adam,
you can do it!
you can do it.
Adam!
Right through it,
right through it.
[umpire grunting twice]
[crowd groaning]
[fan whistling]
All right,
let'’s go, let's go!
Get out on the field,
come on!
Come on, boys, let'’s go!
-Go, go!
-Let'’s go, guys, here we go!
Go, Bobby!
-Come on, Bobby!
-Knock '’em out!
♪
Throw the fuckin'’ ball.
[umpire grunting twice]
[crowd cheering]
[retching]
You'’re pitchin'
next inning, you,
you warmed up?
No.
I'’m not goin' out there, coach.
What'’d you say?
I'’m not goin' out there.
Bobby'’s pitching,
or no one'’s pitching.
All right, you can go home.
Go home,
you can go home.
Go home.
-The fuck was that about?
-I don'’t know.
Fuckin'’ kid's crazy.
Bobby, you good?
Uh-huh.
[retching]
Hold him up, Rick.
Oh, Bobby.
-Bobby.
-Let'’s go, Bobby.
-Bobby!
-Yeah, Bobby!
[team chanting "Bobby"
and clapping]
Let'’s go!
[crowd cheering]
[chanting "Bobby"]
[cheering continues
in the distance]
[umpire grunting twice]
[crowd cheering]
Bobby White has
pitched a perfect game!
This is no miracle!
The Giants are undefeated,
ladies and gentlemen.
What a game,
what a game!
My boy pitches a perfect game,
and you come to live with us.
[tapping on painting]
Come on.
You'’re my lucky moth now.
[chanting "Bobby" and cheering]
[thunder rumbling]
♪
Well, four hours
and 59 minutes.
Fifty-eight.
♪
You know, my father didn'’t
participate in my life
the way that I am in yours.
But one day that
he did participate,
he drove me to
the wrong baseball field
17 miles away from home.
♪
He made me stand
in the batter'’s stance,
and then he took
a photo of me and he left.
♪
I had to walk home eight hours.
Yeah, I hated my dad.
♪
But I'’m grateful
for him in a way
because if I can
get through the shit
that my dad had to serve,
then I can get through anything.
[insects chirring]
So you can hate me
all you want.
You don'’t need to love me back,
but you will later on.
[clattering]
[coughing]
We'’re all madly proud
to be part of
the green and gold.
And today it'’s time
for us to pay attention
to the huge amount
of labor it takes
to play the way these
youngsters have played.
I'’d like to ask us all to praise
with vigorous shouting
and clamor, and--
[cheering]
Bobby!
-Where have you been?
-What do you mean?
Bobby, Will Barton.
How you doin'’?
Now a bad time?
-No.
-Yes!
It'’s quite a talent
you got there, son.
That coach of yours is keepin'’
you under mighty tight wraps.
Can'’t really say
that I blame him.
Hell, technically I'’m not even
supposed to be here doin'’ this.
I just wanted
to come say hello.
Just know that at
the end of this season,
you'’re gonna be
hearin'’ from me, Bobby.
[birds chirping]
[doors slamming]
[stomping upstairs]
[door closing and locking]
[breathing deeply]
[knocking]
Baby? Baby?
[crying]
Caroline?
I love you!
[shaky breathing]
All right, sit down.
Got some news.
What do you mean?
[dishes clattering]
We'’re goin' on a trip.
When you'’re done with
your classes and your tests,
you, your mother, and I,
we'’re takin' a trip.
Goin'’ on a family vacation.
Your mother says that we should
go on a trip, so...
-we'’re gonna go on a trip.
-I--
So let me tell you
where we'’re gonna go.
We'’re gonna go to Venice,
and then Paris,
and then maybe if
we have time in-between,
we'’ll go to Basel
and visit the Rhine,
which your mother says that
this is something that
we need to do as a family,
so that'’s what we'll go and do.
Dad, I got prom after
-classes end.
-You'’re not goin' to prom.
[dishes clinking]
You wanted to go on a trip, Mom?
-She hasn'’t said anything.
-Stop askin'’ questions
-and finish your--
-Well, I'’m not going, I'm not--
[banging on table]
-Eat your food!
-I'’m not going.
-It'’s fine.
-You guys can go, I'’m not goin'.
I'’m stayin' here, I got a date.
At Wheeler'’s,
I asked her to prom.
I'’m going to prom
with Caroline, so--
That'’s good pancakes.
Yeah, you like the pancakes?
[clattering]
Get in the fuckin'’ garage.
Get in the garage!
Get in the fucking garage!
Well, I'’m not going.
And that'’s all you got?
You get in that
garage right now.
Why?
So you can do that shit again?
Yeah, what the fuck
are you doing?
-Get in the garage.
-Yeah, just sit there.
What planet are you on?
[clattering]
Never talk to your mother
like that again--
Yeah, well,
she'’s not talkin' to me.
Get in the garage.
Get in the garage!
Get in
the garage!
You get in the garage!
Get in the garage right now!
Go!
Get outta here.
[door closing]
[indistinct yelling]
♪
[thunder rumbling]
Mrs. S., what
happens when you die?
Do you get shot into space
with a 12-guage, or
if you'’re cremated
and planted,
do you grow back as a tree, or
plant, or...
Fuck!
[floor creaking]
I know where it is.
♪
[water splashing]
[metal clanking]
There you go, man.
[birds chirping]
-This $200?
-$200.
No tip?
No.
Can I at least
use your bathroom?
Can'’t use my bathroom.
Have a good party.
[knocking]
Yo.
-What'’s up, man?
-What'’s good?
Come on, man,
I wanna dance!
Should go dance,
you look great.
Thanks, but,
who gonna dance
with Caroline?
I don'’t know.
I don'’t know, somebody.
How '’bout you?
She not there.
-She'’s not there?
-Yeah!
-For real?
-Facts!
That'’s why I come get you, man.
-You'’re my boy.
-Yeah.
Come on, get your shirt on.
All right, I'’m gonna get a
shirt, I'’m gonna get a shirt.
All right.
[door banging]
Hurry up, man.
Bro, lookin'’ good!
Come on, man, lookin'’ spiffy.
Come on, I gotta get
my tie and my rose.
[laughing]
Hi, baby girl.
When was the last time
you spoke to him?
When he asked me out to prom.
Few days ago.
He'’s a very sweet boy,
and I know why you
like him, I understand.
He'’s probably having
a difficult time.
No, something'’s wrong.
-You feel that?
-Mm-hmm.
Do you wanna drive over there
and see what'’s happening?
-To Adam'’s?
-Yeah.
[doorbell ringing]
What are you doin'’
on my front porch?
Hi.
-Evan.
-Shannon.
Hi, Ms. Caroline.
That is not my name.
-Yes, ma'’am.
-Young man.
You know why I'’m here?
I assume to see my daughter.
Hi, Caroline.
Hi, Bobby.
Will you go to prom with me?
-Did you bring me a flower?
-Of course.
Those are my lilies!
They'’re beautiful.
-Let'’s go.
-Be careful now!
-Okay.
Good night.
♪
[people murmuring]
Man, it looks like
this shit is over.
Yo, there'’s a party
at Adam'’s house, man!
Yo, his parents are
out of town and everything
vacationing, yo.
Yo, Mason, yo!
♪
Do you wanna go?
Okay.
♪
You look really
pretty by the way.
Thanks.
♪
I love you, Caroline.
I love you too, Bobby.
♪
[indistinct talking]
[retching]
♪
-Want something to drink?
-No, [unintelligible].
You sure?
Okay.
♪
Caroline, you look hot as shit.
Bobby!
♪
Hey, what the fuck?
[muffled talking]
♪
[laughing]
Chug, chug, chug,
chug, chug, chug!
♪
[people faintly
chanting "chug"]
♪
[clattering]
[breathing heavily]
♪
Don'’t look so sad, Bobby.
[indistinct talking]
♪
[cheering]
Fuckin'’ tag him!
[laughing]
[screaming]
♪
♪ You know, man, when I was
a young man in high school ♪
♪
♪ You believe it or not I wanted
to play football for the coach ♪
♪
♪ And all those older guys
they said that he was
mean and cruel, but you know ♪
♪ I wanted to play football
for the coach ♪
♪
♪ They said I was
a little too lightweight
to play linebacker
so I'’m playin' right-end ♪
♪ Wanted to play
football for the coach ♪
♪
♪ '’Cause you know
some day, man,
you gotta stand up straight
unless you'’re gonna fall ♪
♪ Then you'’re going to die ♪
♪
♪ And the straightest
dude I ever knew
was standin'’ right
by me all the time ♪
♪ So I had to play
football for the coach ♪
♪
♪ Man, I wanted to play
football for the coach ♪
♪
♪ When you'’re
all alone and lonely
in your midnight hour ♪
♪
♪ And you find that your soul
it has been up for sale ♪
♪
♪ And you'’re getting
to think about
all the things
that you done ♪
♪
♪ And you'’re getting to hate
just about everything ♪
♪
♪ But remember the princess
who lived on the hill ♪
♪
♪ Who loved you
even though she knew
you was wrong ♪
♪
♪ And right now she just
might come shinin'’ through ♪
♪ And the
glory of love ♪
♪
♪ Glory of love
just might come through ♪
♪
♪ When all your
two-bit friends
have gone and ripped you off ♪
♪
♪ They'’re talkin'
behind your back saying
"Man, you'’re never gonna
be no human being" ♪
♪
♪ And you start thinkin'’ again
about all those things
that you done ♪
♪
♪ And who it was
♪ And what it was
♪ And all the different things
that made
every different scene ♪
♪
♪ Ah, but remember
that the city is a--♪